Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?

Because modern life is very complex, it is essential for young people to have the ability to plan and organize.

As far as I know, many people think that the ability to plan and organize is not important, maintaining an idea that we will naturally solve the problem we face withour extra preparation before. However, I agree with the statement that it is essential for young people to have the ablility to plan and organize because modern life is very complex. Let further illustrate my points below.

Firstly, having the ablility to plan and organize enables us to manage things better. That is to say, if we set up a detailed and completed plan before, we can make sure that things will not go wrong. For example, when I was a freshman, I took part in a computer programing competition held by my university. Before I attended the contest, I prepared for a long list of algorithms about what I should do if my program could not solve the given problem. As expected, the given problem was really hard for all competitors¡¯ programs to solve, so we had to change our algorithm immediately. Owing to my preparation, I look up the list and changed my strategy as soon as possible and finally succeed to overcoming the difficulty.

Furthermore, having the ablility to plan and organize makes it possible for us to avoid the unexpected accidents. To be more specific, beacuse of our prepartion before we carry out our plan, it is possible for us to predict what abrupt accidents may happen and how we can solve it when they happen. Take my friend Jack as an example. Last year, as the leader of the sports department, Jack was apponited to hold a badminton competion. In the competition, a player suddenly fell down and broke her legs seriously. At that time, some staffs showed up immediately, carrying some first-aid kits, gave her basic treatment and transfered to the nearby hospital immediately. According to the doctor in the hospital, if she was sent to hosptial later, the condition would become much worse. Thanks to his prepartion, the player¡¯s leg recovered soon.

Finally, having the ablility to plan and organize is beneficial to the person¡¯s develpoment. That is to say, it is necessary for us to cultivate this ability because it is indispensable. A recent research conducted by the professor in University of Sciencw and Technology of China, after investigating thousands of students in their 20s, found that there is a relationship between the the achievement of the students and the ability to organize and plan. According to the survey, cultivating the ability to plan can stimulate certain part of our brains, making us become more intelligent.

All in all,  I agree with the statement that it is essential for young people to have the ablility to plan and organize because modern life is very complex.














